Explain how to run the unit tests (#1088)
matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk: bindings/apple/README.md

4. `xcodebuild` an `xcframework` from the fat static libs and the original iOS one, and add the header and module map to it under `generated/MatrixSDKCryptoFFI.xcframework`
5. cleanup and delete the generated files except the .xcframework and the swift sources (that aren't part of the framework)

## Building & testing the Swift package

`Package.swift` is meant to provide a simple example on how to integrate everything together but also a place to run unit and integration tests from.

> It's pre-configured to link to the generated .xcframework and .swift files so successfully running the `debug_build_library.sh` script first is necessary for it to compile. Afterwards you can execute the tests with `swift test`. Note that for the moment this only works on macOS but we're planning to add Linux support in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's pre-configured to link to the generated static lib and .swift files so successfully running the `debug_build_library.sh` script first is necessary for it to compile. Afterwards you can execute the tests with `swift test`. Note that for the moment this only works on macOS but we're planning to add Linux support in the future.
```

Author: Oh, good catch!

4. `xcodebuild` an `xcframework` from the fat static libs and the original iOS one, and add the header and module map to it under `generated/MatrixSDKCryptoFFI.xcframework`
5. cleanup and delete the generated files except the .xcframework and the swift sources (that aren't part of the framework)

## Building & testing the Swift package

`Package.swift` is meant to provide a simple example on how to integrate everything together but also a place to run unit and integration tests from.

It's pre-configured to link to the generated .xcframework and .swift files so successfully running one of the scripts first is necessary for it to compile.

If you're using `debug_build_xcframework.sh`, you can use `xcodebuild` to execute the unit tests in an iOS simulator, e.g.

```
xcodebuild test -scheme MatrixRustSDK -sdk iphonesimulator -destination 'platform=iOS Simulator,name=iPhone 13'

> ```

Reviewer: So this won't be an option for running the tests anymore. The package is only configured to run on the current platform. So its `debug_build_library.sh` and `swift test` or nothing.

Author: Ah so you're planning to entirely remove the `debug_build_xcframework.sh` script with your PR?

Reviewer: Not quite. The `debug_build_xcframework.sh` will remain as we still need that for consuming debug builds on EX. The `debug_build_library.sh` script is purely for the tests Swift package.

Reviewer: Although, in the future if we hook the static lib build into Xcode's build process, we might be able to get rid of debug XCFrameworks and just use them for distribution.

Author: Sorry, I was lacking coffee this morning. 🤦‍♂️ Understood now that you were referring to the removal the iOS platform from `Package.swift`.

I've removed mentions of `debug_build_xcframework.sh` and the command to run the tests in the simulator now.
